Call me Virginia.
My parents named me after Virgina Woolf,
a famous writer.
As a child I lived with my siblings and parents in a house full of animals and books,
Noah's ark we called it, but we could also have called it the house of books.
One day while walking through the forest we found a house built in the top of a tree.
Inside was a book.
I opened it and began to read it.
When I finished it another book had replaced it.
I never knew who left me those books, nor how he knew I finished them.
Siempre fue un misterio.
It was always a mystery. Sometimes my brothers would accompany me and we would read aloud,
other times I didn't seem to be reading, but listening to a voice.
It was the voice of the tree, telling me this story so that one day I could write it down.